From mu opinion, it's a good method for progress that stydying and record the trail .
1.
I learnt some crawler technology for obtain public resource, it's implement by Python.The packages of we need are requests and lxml, and I will describe their use later.
First I build the character string to store the url, since I need to get the wanted recource on some website.And I build the header string since if when I send request to some web site by coding may fail.Therefore, it's necessary to hide my identity, then I need to call the get function of requests, and assign the parameter url and header for get function.By the way, get is one of the request method, so before I call what method function, I need to check my aiming site on browser,  and get the class of method.Then if I want to get some text recource, may be I need to set the encoding type like resp.encoding = 'utf-8' such that it can display some special character like kanji.
After that I used the  etree from lxml, it can seem to get the detail of html, such as some text or image, then I use the xpath to get the specific pary that I need, and used with open to save it to my local storage.And if I need to save multiple data, then I need to find the next botton from my aim page, and with the while Loop to get all data that I need.And I thing it's certain that the last page is determine, it means that I can use the while loop such that break when the different url appear in last page.
It's my total work of yesterday
2.
On the morning, I did a website of Extract one of list in random system.
First, I import random and Flask package and used list to store ten names,  then I make a additional html type file to display the detail of webpage.
Sorry I think it's my poor knowledge of web make me confuse with the web programing, may be I need to learn more course to understand these.
Anyway these are my recent works, if there are some issue that cause by my mistake of interpret, you can certainly point out, it's really my pleasure. And I think it's my first time typing in English to write long blog, and also my first time to post long blog on such a platform except social media.
Despite of there are the programing communication platform, if with the enough spare time I also wamt to share some note of my learning of mathematics.
If you read over my note, thank you.It's pleased to see your comment if you want.Have a good day guys.